#### Best Modes
[0038] 	The technical terms used herein are to simply mention a particular exemplary embodiment and are not meant to limit the present disclosure. An expression used in the singular encompasses the expression of the plural, unless it has a clearly different meaning in the context. In the specification, it is to be understood that the terms such as “including” or “having” etc., are intended to indicate the existence of specific features, regions, numbers, stages, operations, elements, components, or combinations thereof disclosed in the specification, and are not intended to preclude the possibility that one or more other specific features, regions, numbers, operations, elements, components, or combinations thereof may exist or may be added.

[0039] 	Unless otherwise defined, all terms used herein, including technical or scientific terms, have the same meanings as those generally understood by those with ordinary knowledge in the field of art to which the present disclosure belongs. Such terms as those defined in a generally used dictionary are to be interpreted to have the meanings equal to the contextual meanings in the relevant field of art, and are not to be interpreted to have idealized or excessively formal meanings unless clearly defined in the present application.

[0040] 	Hereinafter, preferred embodiments of the present disclosure will be described in detail with reference to the accompanying drawings.

[0041] 	

[0042] 	In an electronic money transaction system and method of the present disclosure, transaction data is required to be promptly verified, and thus, preferably, electronic money which allows a block to be generated and verified within a short time is used.  Ethereum may be an example of electronic money appropriate therefor.  Ethereum was designed by an open platform in which a block chain is considered as a database and all assets may beuploaded and even a scheme for driving or trading each asset is directly programmed.

[0043] 	Ethereum was developed by Vitalik Buterin in 2014 and a concept of smart contract was used, unlike other electronic money.  Characteristics of smart contract are that a language in use is self-enforcing.  In other words, since the platform of Ethereum was written in an execution code of software, a program is automatically executed to fulfill a contract when specific conditions are met. Accordingly, a user who intends to trade electronic money using the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure is forced to perform the contract, securing reliability of the transaction using electronic money.

[0044] 	

[0045] 	FIG. 3 illustrates an overall configuration of an electronic money transaction system according to an embodiment of the present disclosure.  Referring to FIG. 3, the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure includes a computer device 100 capable of facilitating functions and features described herein, a communication network 200, an exchange server 300, and a point-of-sale (POS) terminal 400.

[0046] 	In order to perform functions of the present disclosure, the computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include a predetermined number or a combination of a processor, a controller, an integrated circuit, and a programmable logic circuit, or a database and a signal processing device, and further include one or more memories, a transmitter and a receiver, a display, and a communication module capable of communicating with various devices.  In addition, computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include a computer program which performs a data operation through a designated algorithm and displays a result of the operation through a display so as to be recognized from the outside and a user interface (UI) implemented for a user operation.

[0047] 	The computer program includes a plurality of code segments executable in the computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 to perform the respective steps in a method for electronic money transaction (or electronic money transaction method) of the present disclosure.  Here, each step of the electronic money transaction method may be performed according to the order shown in the drawings, but each step may also be performed in different order unless explicitly stated.  Also, some of the steps may be performed simultaneously and some of the steps may be performed selectively.

[0048] 	The computing device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include an electronic device which is accessible to one or more general purpose computing resources such as Internet services, e-mail services, data transfer services, and the like.  Also, the computing device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include a user database storing information unique to a user accessing online resources via the communication network 200.  The database may store any other information and data required for implementing the electronic money transaction method of the present disclosure.

[0049] 	The computing device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include a certain device or equipment including a memory associated with a processor.  The processor may implement an operating system and execute a computer program known as an instruction, a software code, an execution file, an application, app, and the like.  The processor may include a microcontroller, a field programmable gate array (FPGA), and the like, or any combination thereof.  The memory may store or hold computer programs and store text, databases, graphics, audio, video, combinations thereof, and any other data.  The memory may be referred to as a computer-readable medium or a computer-readable storage medium and include an optical storage medium such as a random access memory (RAM), a read-only memory (ROM), a flash drive, a floppy disk, a hard disk, a compact disk (CDROM), a digital video disc (DVD), and the like, or any combination thereof.  The computer device 100m the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may further include a file storage including a plurality of hard disks, a network attached storage, or a storage network, together with the memory.

[0050] 	The computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may specifically include a mobile communication device (including a wireless device), a workstation, a desktop computer, a laptop computer, a palmtop computer, a tablet computer, a portable digital assistant (PDA), a smartphone, a scanner, a kiosk, a printer, or any combination thereof.

[0051] 	Various embodiments of the computing device 100 may include voice communication devices such as cellular phones, mobile phones, smartphones, or landline phones.

[0052] 	The computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 will have an electronic display such as a cathode ray tube, a liquid crystal display, plasma, or a touch screen that displays visual graphics, images, text, and the like.  According to an embodiment, a computer program of the present disclosure facilitates interaction and communication via a graphic user interface (GUI) displayed through an electronic display.  The GUI allows interaction with the electronic display by touching or indicating display areas to provide information of a user (i.e., consumer, financial institution representative, or manager) to a user control interface.

[0053] 	The computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may also include optical devices such as a digital camera, a video camera, an optical scanner, and the like, to capture, store, and transmit digital images or video.

[0054] 	The computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include a user control interface to allow one or more users to share information and instructions with one another.  The user control interface may include one or more function inputs such as a button, a keyboard, a switch, a scroll wheel, a voice recognition element such as a microphone, and pointing devices such as a mouse, a touchpad, a tracking ball, and a stylus.  The user control interface may also include a speaker for providing audible instructions and feedback.  In addition, the user control interface may include a wired or wireless data transmission element, such as a communication component, a removable memory, a data transceiver, or a transmitter, to remotely interface with a user or any other electronic device.

[0055] 	The communication network 200 may be a wired or wireless network and may include an electrically conductive cable or an optical cable, as well as a server, a router, a switch, a wireless receiver and transmitter, and the like.  The communication network 200 may also include the Internet or any other cloud network, as well as a local area network (LAN), a metro area network (MAN), and a wide area network (WAN).  In addition, the communication network 200 may include a landline phone network, a public switched telephone network (PSTN), an optical fiber network, and the like, as well as a cellular or mobile telephone network.

[0056] 	The computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may all be connected to the communication network 200.  The computer device 100 and the exchange server 300 and the POS terminal 400 may communicate with other computer device 100 or the POS terminal 400 through the communication network 200.  Connection to the communication network 200 may be wired or wireless connection.  The computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400 may include appropriate components for establishing wired or wireless connection.

[0057] 	The computer program of the present disclosure may be executed in the computer device 100, the exchange server 300, and the POS terminal 400.  As such, a first portion of the program, code, or instruction may be executed in a first computer device 100, exchange server 300, and POS terminal 400, while a second portion of the program, code, or instruction may be executed in a second computer device 100, exchange server 300, and POS terminal 400.  In some embodiments, other portions of the program, code, or instruction may be executed in other electronic devices.  For example, information specific to each user may be stored in a memory of the exchange server 300, so that information specific to each user may be remotely accessed by a user or a manager using a computer program through one or more computer devices 100.  In an embodiment of the present disclosure, a portion of information implementing the present disclosure may be stored in the exchange server 300, while other portions of the information may be stored in one or more computer devices 100.  Various operations, analyses, and calculations described herein as being performed by a computer program or using a computer program may actually be performed by one or more computers, processors, or other devices, such as the computer device 100, the exchange server 300, or the POS terminal 400 which execute portions of the computer program independently or in cooperation with each other.

[0058] 	In an embodiment of the invention, a computer program may be implemented as a stand-alone program installed in the user’s computer device 100 or as a web accessible program accessible by the user’s computer device 100 via the communication network 200.  In the case of the stand-alone program, a downloadable version of the computer program may be stored at least partially in the exchange server 300.  The user may download at least a portion of the computer program to the computer device 100 via the communication network 200.  In an embodiment of the present disclosure, the computer program may be an application, such as an app for a mobile device.  After the computer program is downloaded, the program may be installed in an executable format in the computer device 100.  The program in the executable format allows the user to access embodiments of the present disclosure via electronic resources, such as mobile apps or websites.  In the case of the web accessible computer program, the user may simply access the computer program via the communication network 200 using the computer device 100.

[0059] 	

[0060] 	FIG. 4 is a flow chart illustrating a process of an electronic money transaction in an electronic money transaction system according to an embodiment of the present disclosure.  Also, FIGS. 5 to 9 illustrate examples of an electronic money transaction process according to an embodiment of the present disclosure.  Hereinafter, a specific electronic money transaction process will be described with reference to the flow chart of the electronic money transaction of FIG. 4 together with the examples of FIGS. 5 to 9 together.

[0061] 	Referring to FIG. 4, in the electronic money transaction system according to the present disclosure, the user may access the exchange server 100 wiredly or wirelessly via the communication network 200 using a variety of types of computer devices 100 such as a personal computer or a smartphone.  The user connected to the exchange server 300 may log in using personal identification information such as a name, an ID, or a resident registration number, and a password for authentication of the user.  Here, as the information for log-in, separate authentication data such as a certificate, together with the personal identification information, may be used.  When the user logs in the exchange server 300 using the computer device 100, the exchange server 300 transmits electronic money information of the user to the user's computer device 100 based on the personal identification information input by the user.  The electronic money information of the user may include customer information, account information, wallet information, electronic money exchange rate information, and settlement information.  FIG. 5A illustrates an example of customer information of the user, and FIGS. 5B and 5C show examples of account information and wallet information, respectively.  FIGS. 5D and 5E respectively show examples of exchange rate information and payment information of electronic money, respectively.

[0062] 	Customer information may include a name of a customer, a customer type, a user ID, a password, a language, a country code, a phone number, an e-mail, a cell phone type, a date and time for subscription, a transaction store, bank and an account number, location information (latitude and longitude), and an affiliated group, and the like.  The account information may include the user’s account address and the account code.  The wallet information may include information such as customer ID, usage token and coin type, a wallet address, balance, and the like, based on the account code.  In the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure, since a plurality of coins may be included and used in one wallet address, a plurality of pieces of coin information may be included in the wallet information.  The exchange rate information of the electronic money may include a classification code according to the kind of exchange and exchange rate information according to a specific date and time.

[0063] 	

[0064] 	FIG. 6A illustrates an example of a data structure for assigning a plurality of coins to one wallet in an electronic money transaction system according to an embodiment of the present disclosure, and FIG. 6B illustrates an example of a case where a plurality of coins are allocated to one wallet.

[0065] 	Referring to FIG. 6A, a data block of electronic money such as Ethereum, includes an input data area in which a plurality of coin addresses may be allocated to one wallet address.  To a field of
[0] in the input data area of FIG. 6A, a plurality of coin addresses allocated to the user's wallet address may be allocated.  As for the plurality of coins allocated in this manner, data such as a wall address, a coin value, and the like, corresponding to the plurality of allocated coins may be recorded in fields of
[3] to
[6].  In case where a plurality of coils are allocated to one wallet as illustrated in FIG. 6A, the user may check the plurality of pieces of allocated coin information as illustrated in a screen of FIG. 6B.  Accordingly, in the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure, since various kinds of coins are allocated to one wallet address, the wall may be conveniently managed in using a plurality of coins and electronic money may be effectively traded.

[0066] 	

[0067] 	The settlement information may include settlement information of electronic money between the user's computer device 100 and the exchange server 300 or between the POS terminal 400 and the exchange server 300 in the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure.  Electronic money information of the user provided from the exchange server 300 may be stored in the user's computer device 100 so that the user may check the details of the electronic money information at a necessary time.

[0068] 	

[0069] 	FIG. 7 is a diagram illustrating an example of a screen of displaying electronic money information currently held by the user in the user's computer device 100 on the basis of the electronic money information provided to the user from the exchange server 300.  That is, the electronic money information of the user may include a type of electronic money (here, Ethereum) held by the user and a balance status, a market price of electronic money corresponding to real money, and a value of electronic money when converted into real money, and the like, together with identification information which may identify the user such as a user’s name, nickname, ID, and the like.  In addition, the user may check details of transactions such as purchase of electronic money, transaction details of goods purchased in stores using electronic money, and details of selling electronic money and converting it into real money, and the like.

[0070] 	The electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure allows electronic money held by the user to be directly exchanged through the exchange server 300, rather than exchanging electronic money between users, enabling quick electronic money transaction.

[0071] 	

[0072] 	Meanwhile, the user may be allowed to only check information up to a time point at which electronic money information of the user is provided from the exchange server 300 and purchasing, payment, or balance information changed accordingly thereafter, and the like, may be updated when the user accesses the exchange server 300 and receives the changed information again.

[0073] 	In a state in which the user holds the computer device 100, the user may make a transaction such as visiting a store subscribed to the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure and purchasing goods, and the like.

[0074] 	FIG. 8 is a diagram illustrating a process of paying electronic money between the user’s computer device 100 and the POS terminal 400.  Referring to FIG. 8, the POS terminal 400 stores information on an electronic money price of goods together with a current status of the goods handled in a store in which the POS terminal 400 is installed, and the information may be checked through a display during a process of purchasing goods.  When the user selects goods to be purchased, a manager of the store may select the goods on sale using the POS terminal 400, and when selection of the goods is completed, an electronic money amount of each goods and a total amount of electronic money of the whole goods may be checked.  After the user checks a status of the goods to be purchased, electronic money payment may be performed using the computer device 100.  Here, a QR code for electronic money payment may be displayed on the POS terminal 400 for efficient goods purchase and the user may promptly perform payment by tagging the QR code using the computer device 100.

[0075] 	In the case of electronic money using a block chain, a public address has data of 32 bytes (bytes) to 35 bytes as a combination of numbers, lowercase letters and uppercase letters.  Therefore, since it is difficult for the user of the electronic money to check a public address of the store or the POS terminal 400, it is effective to convert the public address into the QR code to perform payment.

[0076] 	

[0077] 	The payment information generated through the transaction process is transmitted from the user’s computer device 100 to the exchange server 300, and the exchange server 300 checks the payment information and, when it is determined that the transaction is a normal transaction, the exchange server 300 transmits approval information to the POS terminal 400.  Accordingly, approval according to the electronic money transaction between the user’s computer device 100 and the POS terminal 400 of the store is completed.

[0078] 	

[0079] 	When the approval of the electronic money transaction is completed, the POS terminal 400 of the store receives electronic money for selling the goods to the user from the exchange server 300, and a sales status of the electronic money obtained through the selling of the goods may be calculated and displayed.  FIG. 9 is a view illustrating an example of a screen of a result of electronic money transaction displayed on the POS terminal 400.  Referring to FIG. 9, a manager of the store may check a sales status using electronic money at the end of the day or at a specific time through the POS terminal 400.  Here, an accumulated electronic money sales status may be checked at a certain time, and since the price of electronic money may bechecked based on a corresponding time point, a value of the real money exchanged by settling electronic money may also be immediately checked.  When the store manager intends to settle electronic money secured through the sale of goods, the settlement is requested to the exchange server 300 through the POS terminal 400.  In setting the electronic money, retained electronic money may be collectively settled or only a part of the electronic money may be settled.

[0080] 	When there is a request for settlement of electronic money through the POS terminal 400, the exchange server 300 verifies reliability of electronic money requested to be settled, and when verification is completed, settlement may be carried out by reflecting a market price of real money on the basis of a time point at which settlement is requested.  Since the exchange server 300 retains an account for real money, if there is a request for settlement of electronic money, the exchange server 300 may immediately exchange and process the electronic money and the real money retained in the store.  Therefore, the store using the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure directly performs settlement on the electronic money and the real money with the exchange server 300, without waiting for exchange of electronic money of another user.

[0081] 	

[0082] 	In the electronic money transaction system 100 of the present disclosure, a public address of the POS terminal 400 is used as a virtual address such that a third party cannot check transaction details of the store made in the POS terminal 400.  FIG. 10 is a diagram illustrating a process of performing an electronic money transaction using a virtual address in the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure.  Referring to FIG. 10, a public address for identifying the POS terminal 400 is converted into a virtual address having a predetermined size, and a transaction with the computer device 100 is performed using the virtual address.  Accordingly, a third party who views the transaction details of the electronic money through the communication network 200 may only check the transaction details of the virtual address, and thus, the third party cannot specify and identify the POS terminal 400 having the transaction details.

[0083] 	

[0084] 	Meanwhile, the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure provides a function that enables a user to mine electronic money through a game using the computer device 100.  Preferably, when the user performs an action designated in a specific area using a GPS system, mining may be performed in the form of a GPS game that entitles the user to receive electronic money.

[0085] 	For example, when the user executes the computer device 100, a method of mining electronic money may be displayed on a screen of the computer device 100.  The method for mining electronic money may be the specific details of actions to be performed by visiting the specific area displayed on the screen. When the user possesses the computer device 100 and reaches a designated place, an icon for mining electronic money is displayed on the screen of the computer device 100, and a task for mining electronic money may be completed through the designated action.  Here, electronic money may be provided to all the users who has completed the designated action at the specified place or may be paid on a first come, first served basis.  In addition, the quantity of electronic money that may be mined may be varied depending on the designated location or a kind of designated action.  The exchange server 300 provides electronic money to a personal wallet for the selected user through the mining operation.

[0086] 	

[0087] 	FIG. 11 is an internal configuration diagram of an exchange server in an electronic money transaction system according to an embodiment of the present disclosure. Referring to FIG. 11, the exchange server 300 of the present disclosure includes a database 310, at least one central processing unit (CPU) 320 connected to the database 310 and performing a high-speed operation, an input device 340, and an output device 350.

[0088] 	Here, the input device 340 may be a device capable of recognizing a user’s operation or touch such as a mouse or a touch screen, and may also include a physical transducer such as a microphone.  The output device 350 may be a display capable of displaying characters or images such as a light emitting diode (LED), a liquid crystal display (LCD), and an electronic ink (e-ink), and may also include a transducer.

[0089] 	The CPU 320 is installed in the electronic money transaction system 300 and performs a function of processing an overall operation.  That is, the CPU 320 interworks with the computer device 100 of the user who wants to trade using electronic money or the POS terminal 400 of the store to form a block including payment and transaction details using electronic money and check reliability of a block which has been previously generated using a hash value recorded in a head part.  The CPU 320 may include an arithmetic logic unit (ALU) 322 for performing calculation, a register 324 for temporarily storing data and instructions, and a controller 326 for controlling an operation of the electronic money transaction system 300.  The CPU 320 may be a processor having a variety of architectures including Alpha from Digital, MIPS from MIPS Technology, NEC, IDT, Siemens, and others, x86 from Intel and others, including Cyrix, AMD, and Nexgen, and the PowerPc from IBM and Motorola.

[0090] 	The database 310 generally includes a high speed main memory 312 in the form of a storage medium such as a random access memory (RAM) and a read-only memory (ROM), an auxiliary memory 314 such as a flash memory, and a device for storing data using electrical, magnetic, optical or any other storage medium.  Also, the main memory 312 may include a video display memory displaying an image through the output device 350. It will be apparent to those skilled in the art that the database 310 may have various forms as a product having various storage capabilities.

[0091] 	In the technical field of the present disclosure, the electronic money transaction system 300 may include an operating system (OS) and at least one application program.  The OS is a set of software that controls an operation of the electronic money transaction system 300 and assignment of resources. An application program is a set of software for performing a task requested by a user by using available computer resources through the OS.  The OS and application programs will reside in the database 310.  Unless stated otherwise in accordance with the experience of those skilled in the art of computer programming, the present disclosure will be described in accordance with an operation performed by the electronic money transaction system 300 and representation symbols regarding the operation.  Such an operation may be computer-based and may be performed by an OS or a suitable application program.  Also, such an operation and function include processing of the CPU 320 on an electric signal such as a data bit, or the like, causing conversion or interruption of the electrical signal and management of a data bit signal stored in a memory area within the database 310, as well as changing an operation of the electronic money transaction system 300.  The memory area in which the data bit signal is managed is a physical area having electric, magnetic, or optical characteristics corresponding to data bits.

[0092] 	

[0093] 	FIG. 12 is a diagram illustrating a software configuration of an electronic money transaction system according to an embodiment of the present disclosure. Referring to FIG. 12, in the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure, the application module 380 includes a customer information management module 381 storing and managing information on customers who use the electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure, an electronic money management module 382 managing a status of generation, mining, quotation and currency exchange of electronic money, and a transaction details management module 383 generating and managing transaction details of electronic money between the user’s computer device 100 and the POS terminal 400.

[0094] 	Software including the application module 380 may use various OSs as an OS of the system.  The OS provides high-level commands to an application program interface (API) 361 to control an operation of each application module 380.  Software installed in the electronic money transaction system includes a high level command processing unit identifying each corresponding application module 380 in accordance with the high level command provided from the API 361, decoding the high level command and providing the same to a corresponding place.  The application module controller 370 controls an operation of the application module 380 according to a command provided from the high level command processing unit 362.  That is, the high-level command processing unit 362 identifies whether a corresponding application module 380 exists according to the high-level command provided through the API 361. If the corresponding application module 380 exists, the high-level command processing unit 362 decodes the high level command into a command recognizable by the application module 380 and transmits the same to a corresponding mapping unit or controls message transmission.  Accordingly, the application module controller 370 includes mapping units 371, 373, and 375 and the interface units 372, 374, and 376 for the customer information management module 381, the electronic money management module 382 and the transaction details management module 383, respectively.

[0095] 	The customer information management module mapping unit 371 receives information of a customer which has requested transaction of electronic money from the high-level command processing unit 362 and stores and manages the information, and receives a high-level command for managing the customer information, maps the command to a device level which may beprocessed by the customer information management module 381, and provides the same to the customer information management module 381 through the customer information management module interface unit 372.

[0096] 	The electronic money management module mapping unit 373 and the electronic money management module interface unit 374 manage a status of electronic money which has been traded through the exchange server 300.  That is, the electronic money management module mapping unit 373 receives a high-level command for using the electronic money management module 382 from the high-level command processing unit 362, maps the high-level command to a device level command, and provides the same to the electronic money management module 382 via the electronic money management module interface unit 374.  In addition, the electronic money management module mapping unit 373 provides electronic money to the user on the basis of a status of mining electronic money performed by the user.

[0097] 	The transaction details management module 383 is a part for generating and managing transaction information between the user's computer device 100 and the POS terminal 400 of the shop. In order to generate and manage a block, the transaction details management module mapping unit 375 receives the high level command applied through the high level command processing unit 362 and maps the same to a command of a device level which may be recognized by the transaction details management module 383.  The command of the device level is provided to the transaction details management module 383 via the transaction details management module interface unit 376.  Accordingly, the transaction details management module 183 is executed to generate and manage transaction details.

[0098] 	A detailed member function regarding the API 361 configured to perform such a function is described in more detail as follows. An open API is used to open a session of an application module regarding information of a customer who performs a transaction using electronic money, details of electronic money purchased or traded by a customer, and a transaction of electronic money.  A closed API is used to terminate the session for the used application module.  A retrieve API is used to retrieve an application module which may becalled from the exchange server 300 to check customer information, electronic money information, and transaction details.  A status API is used to determine an operating state of each application module.  An initialization API has a function of initializing an application module so that it may becalled.  A list API is used to check customer information, electronic money details, transaction details, and a executable application program list.  A register API has a function of registering customer information, electronic money details, and transaction details.  An unregister API is used to delete customer information, electronic money details, and transaction details.  As a result, the individual APIs are executed according to used application modules or message transmission formats, and accordingly, application modules may be used to perform a transaction of things using electronic money from the mining of the electronic money, from mining electronic money.

[0099] 	However, the above-mentioned application modules and functions thereof may be all performed in the exchange server 300, or the user's computer device 100 and the modules may be distributed and installed so that some functions may be shared to be processed.

[00100] 	

[00101] 	Meanwhile, electronic money using a block chain such as Ethereum may have an error in transactions.  Such an error may occur when generation of transaction data has been attempted but failed, when transaction data has been generated but transaction is not made due to insufficient gas limit, or when a transaction is not completed due to an environment factor of an address for receiving electronic money, and the like.  The transaction data may not be generated as transaction requests are excessively made at a specific point in time to result in that transaction data itself is not generated or generation of transaction data is delayed.  Here, in case where transaction data is generated again with the same value, if the transaction data is generated with time delay, the same transaction data may be repeated.  In the case of the insufficient gas limit, a transaction may be canceled in spite of a transaction request.  Also, an error in an address for receiving electronic money may occur when large-scale transactions occur simultaneously.  

[00102] 	In order to prevent such a transaction error, the electronic money management system of the present disclosure may be implemented by separating an interface layer for receiving a request signal regarding an electronic money transaction from the user’s computer device 100 and processing the received request signal and a database layer determining validity of the electronic money transaction and separately managing valid transaction data.

[00103] 	

[00104] 	FIG. 13 is a view illustrating an example of a software configuration for error processing in an electronic money transaction system according to an embodiment of the present disclosure.  Referring to FIG. 13, the exchange server 300 may be divided into an interface layer 392 and a database layer 394.

[00105] 	The interface layer 392 may include an outside API that handles requests from the user’s computer device 100 and an inside API that validates transactions through an Ethereum network. The outside API, in response to a user’s transaction request, identifies the user’s address and status and processes information such as a transaction request, transmission details, balance, and the like.  The inside API creates a transaction log table in which a transaction request is made on the basis of the request information.  The transaction log table is data on which the transaction request is made and is data before the transaction is validated.  The data on which the transaction request is made may involve a transaction error for a variety of reasons.  Thus, when there is a transaction request from the user’s computer device 100, the inside API preprocesses the transaction request and records it in the transaction log table.  Thereafter, when the transaction of electronic money is validated at a predetermined delay time or when validity of a server or a node responsible for the electronic money transaction is confirmed, transaction details are finally confirmed.  Here, the process of confirming validity of the transaction is preferably asynchronously processed in order not to match it to a time interval of generating a block chain of electronic money.  Through this process, a separate valid transaction table is created for transaction information of the transaction confirmed in validity.  Therefore, the data finally confirmed in transaction is managed as an a valid transaction table, and an electronic money status of the store is changed according to the valid transaction table.  Regarding the transaction log table information pre-processed according to the transaction request, if information is not confirmed in validity within a predetermined time, the transaction remains pending, rather than being confirmed, and if validity confirmation is not checked within an expiration date (e.g., one day), the user may be informed accordingly and the pre-processing result may be canceled.  The electronic money transaction system of the present disclosure may prevent a settlement error due to the error of transaction data by changing electronic money regarding a store and performing settlement on the basis of the valid transaction table created in the exchange server 300.

[00106] 	

[00107] 	Although the specific exemplary embodiments of the present disclosure have been described with reference to the accompanying drawings, it will be apparent to a person skilled in the art to which the invention pertains that various changes in forms may be made without departing from the spirit or essential features of the present disclosure.  Therefore, the foregoing specific embodiments are intended to be illustrative in all aspects rather than limiting. The scope of the present disclosure shall be defined by the appended claims rather than the foregoing description and it should be interpreted that the present disclosure shall extend to all modifications or changes derived from the definition, ranges, and equivalents of the claims.

[00108] 	100: computer device 	200: communication network

[00109] 	300: exchange server 	400: POS terminal

[00110] 	310: database 		312: main memory

[00111] 	314: auxiliary memory 	320: CPU

[00112] 	322: ALU			324: register

[00113] 	326: controller 		340: input device

[00114] 	350: output device 		361: API

[00115] 	362: high level command processing unit

[00116] 	370: application module controller 380: application module

[00117] 	371: customer information management module mapping unit

[00118] 	372: customer information management module interface unit

[00119] 	373: electronic money management module mapping unit

[00120] 	374: electronic money management module interface unit

[00121] 	375: transaction details management module mapping unit

[00122] 	376: transaction details management module interface unit

[00123] 	381: customer information management module 382: electronic money management module

[00124] 	383: transaction details management module 392: interface layer

[00125] 	394: database layer
